hey YouTube this is rods ranch today
I've been testing in the Colorado Rocky
Mountains an artic at 550 s with power
steering Oh
power steering's so great makes it so
much easier to steer it's a TR v to
Ryder vehicle with an eight inch longer
chassis ten inches of suspension travel
in the front and rear and 11 inches of
ground clearance
there is the power steering motor I'll
be demonstrating to you in just a second
we even have a front rack bag and
heavy-duty horns 3000 pound winch has a
550 EFI engine boasting 543 cc's of
liquid cooled h1 power it's a single
cylinder a coarse artic at independent
rear suspension somehow adding just a
mere eight inches to the chassis makes
it so much more smooth riding
comfortable comfortable passenger seat
I'll show you the power steering now all
you since its electronic all you have to
do is turn the key right here
you won't even let me move it now I turn
the key on that's much easier
it has reverse neutral high and low
ranges and I'll just show you the
suspension and power steering in action
over some bumps
this is actually kind of a limited
edition with the aluminum rims and the
arctic metallic blue thanks for watching
please subscribe and I do appreciate
comments